# Meeting Minutes

## Agenda

1. API Update
2. Needfinding
3. Overall Structure
4. Team Roles
5. Name + Logo
6. Exchange Keys

### API Update

Shelby and Isi were able to build a basic app with Django and connect with Spotify. It allows users to log in and can pull information.

### Needfinding

#### Needfinding Questions
1. Tell me about the way you use Spotify.
2. Of the existing Spotify Discover features (Radio, Discover Weekly, Playlist Suggestion), which do you use and when/how?
3. Do you use Spotify Year in Review? Do you listen to the Tastebreakers playlist?
4. How do you feel about only being able to see this information once a year?
5. Do you use the app or desktop app differently?
6. Do you have a throwback playlist?
7. Describe to me your playlist structure (types of playlists).
8. Any other thoughts?

#### Examples of Insights
- users like to browse what friends are listening to
- they want a better way of organizing songs
- would enjoy visualizing or having insights into their own statistics
- enjoy directed discovery
- playlist creationi can be difficult and time-consuming
- genre discovery

#### Resultant Ideas
- bring up memories music
- add own input to music, used to derive later insights
- % estimate of how much you'd like a song
- playlist generation, perhaps by mood
- data visualization of interesting informationi such as danceability or acousticness

### Overall Structure

The application will be a web app integrated with texting capabilities.

### Team Roles

Design/Front-End:
- Dylan
- Zoe

Back-End:
- Ashi
- Isi
- Shelby

### Name + Logo

Created a Slack channel to brainstorm names. Design team will work on a logo after team name is determined.

### Exchange Keys

Done.

## To-Dos

1. Think about a team name. [All]
2. Front-End Tasks
- Create a logo.
- Design idea generation.
- Go through Spotify Docs to filter/select features, how they may be visualized, and prepare to ask wider audience for feature preferences. [Zoe]
3. Back-End Tasks
- Set up basic framework.
- Work on texting incorporation.
